---
layout: post
title:      "Why I Decided To Learn Software Development "
date:       2020-08-08 02:59:14 +0000
permalink:  why_i_decided_to_learn_software_development
---


<p> For the last few years I have been very interested in the advancements of tech. Coming into the Flatiron School I am very new to all things tech and coding. During high school, our computer technology classes only introduced us to office programs such as Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, etc. During college I majored in finance and also did not get familiar with coding. Upon completing my undergraduate degree I began working in the financial service industry in various operational capacities. I didn't start thinking about the inner workings web and mobile application development until later in my career. I became intrigued at the advancements in technology I began to see in mobile and web applications. I began thinking of career paths that would allow me to build these types of applications myself. Because my normal work was affected due to the pandemic I began to research schools and programs that would give me the skills necessary to be able to do this. Though I will be coming into this program as a student who does not have much experience and is new to coding, I am confident that I will catch on to the material and instruction that will be provided to me. I believe in the necessity of adding new skills as you progress throughout your career. Learning how to code will give me the ability to pivot my career into the world of tech. 

Upon completing the software engineering program at the Flatiron School my immediate goals will be to obtain a software engineering role at a big tech company, which is another reason I decided to learn software development. I am looking forward to mastering the information and instruction that will be given to me throughout the duration of the boot camp. I am also hoping to master and develop my technical interviewing skills. Being able to do so will be really important in order to do well in interviews for competitive companies. I would love to be able to end up at a company like Google, Uber, or Facebook. I know that I'll really be able to develop my skills and learn a lot at such places. My  long term goals are to eventually branch off and start my own startup company. I am very interested in entrepreneurship. I have many ideas that I wish to one day turn into tangible app based businesses. I am confident that with my business undergraduate background along with the knowledge that I'll receive learning to code, the possibilities will be endless when it comes to bringing my ideas to reality. Lastly another goal of mine will be to eventually pass on my knowledge to others. I believe that it is all of our duty to help future generations and the youth develop skills that will enable them to succeed in the future. I would love to be able to teach code at some capacity to inner city youth who may not have access or ways to learn themselves. Because of these reasons and more, I have decided to learn software development.</p>  
